# EZRental Extended Practice Project

As part of my continuous improvement as a full-stack developer, I am extending a college project I did last year using .NET and C#, and Microsoft SQL. My professor, Mr. Rodriguez, asked us to create a simulated car rental application (EZRental Point-of-Sales Management System). Due to time-constraint, it was only focused on the credit card management feature. As the project manager, he provided all the business requirements of the application, database EER and normalized logical models, code to implement the back end for the credit card feature, and guidance towards the feature's development. We used a combination of waterfall and agile methodologies to accomplish this backlog of the 4-tier project.

During the course, my job was to create an official documentation each time I completed a subset of the backlog. Ultimately, the documentation included all aspects of the software development cycle. The subsets I worked on included the creation of a data dictionary from the normalized logical model, a physical schema model, implementation of the database (DDL script) and population of the required tables for the feature using Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio. In addition, after organizing all the provided code and testing it, I create the UI using Windows forms in Visual Studio and run tests.

New changes I have made outside of that course include the implementation of the front and back end for the USState and Country classes used in the credit card management feature, modifications to the CreditCard classes, UML class diagrams, and an overhaul of the [documentation](/docs/EZRental_Wndows_App_Documentation.pdf).